TASK: Make caching behavior opt-in via `X-FullPageCache-EnableFusionAutoconfiguration` http header (#16)
Flowpack/Flowpack.FullPageCache: README.md

You can also move the cache backend to something faster if available, to improve performance even more.

How it works
------------

The package defines two http middlewares:
  
- `RequestCacheMiddleware`: If a request is cacheable the cache is asked first and only if no response is found the 
  request is passed down the middleware chain. The cache lifetime and tags are determined from the 
  `X-FullPageCache-Enabled`, `X-FullPageCache-Lifetime` and `X-FullPageCache-Tags` that are set by upstream middlewares 

>   or controllers. Additionally the middleware adds `ETag` and `CacheControl` Headers taking the lifetime and setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  or controllers. Additionally the middleware adds `ETag` and `Cache-Control` Headers taking the lifetime and setting
```
